
menu configuration tool   
------------------------------------------

1.  General
2.  Functionality
     2.1  Adding an item
           2.1.1  Functionality of the Add Menu Item -dialog
           2.1.2  Functionality of the Edit Menu Item -dialog
           2.1.3  Functionality of the Preview -dialog
3.  Converting menu file structure
4.  Showing Visual SCIL Header in 'Base for 4.0.2'


1. General

The menus are configurable in three parts. As default The Common Part
and the Help part are common for all pictures within an application.
The Picture Specific Part is holding items used in that picture only.
The sources, where the menu definitions are fetched, are configurated
in each pictures base picture function.


2. Functionality

The menu parts are shown as three pages in a notebook. The cascade items
are presented as folders and the normal items and separators as leafs.
At first the menu bar main items are shown. The content of the main items
can be browsed through just by expanding the folders. The configurations are
saved under the application when OK is selected and discarded with Cancel.
By default the menu standard and help part definitions are saved under
/apl/'application'/apl_mod4/lang'language' and the menu standard and help
part action programs under /apl/'application'/apl_mod4/use directory.

2.1 Adding an item

The menu items can be added by selecting an existing item (or the root
folder, if no items exist) and then selecting the Add button. A dialog is
opened, where needed definitions can be made. If the selected item is an
expanded folder, then the new item is placed under the selected folder.
If the selected item is a collapsed folder, then the new item belongs to
the selected folders parent folder and is placed below the selected
folder. The main menu items (under root folder) can be cascade type only.

2.1.1 Functionality of the Add Menu Item -dialog

The menu item type is selected with the available radio buttons. If selected
item type is Item or Cascade item, then the Identification and Title text 
fields are active and can be filled in. The Identification field can also be
left empty. In that case the system time is automatically used as an 
identifier for the item. The identifier has to be unique within a menu part.
The menu action definitions are defined in the Menu action definitions -area.
The cascade items can be enabled/disabled.

For normal items you can define the action, that is done when the menu
item is selected at runtime. The most common actions can be made by
selecting action types Open picture / Open dialog and filling in the needed
details. (Note! Picture and window names can be max. 10 characters, X can be
in range 0..80, Y in 0..48). If you have knowledge with SCIL syntax, you can
also define the action program in SCIL by selecting the Advanced button.
Made changes are saved with OK and discarded with Cancel

2.1.2 Functionality of the Edit Menu Item -dialog

The Edit Menu Item -dialog is similar with Add Menu Item -dialog
,exept that the current definitions are shown at dialog start-up.

2.1.3  Functionality of the Preview -dialog

You can open the preview dialog by selecting the Preview button. The dialog
presents the menus currently modified as they are shown at runtime. No menu
actions are done. The dialog is dynamically updated, when changes are made.
The dialog can be closed from the dialogs upper right corner.


3.  Converting menu file structure

The typical situation for converting the file structure of the used menu
configuratiuon files is, when e.g. a Process Picture, containing the 'Base for 4.0.2'
and the graphical primitive Header, shall be upgraded to 'Base for 4.0.3' and
Visual SCIL Header, to get the new features of it by keeping the contents of the
customer modified menu files.

The files can be converted to the new file structure by following these steps. 

 (1) Select the Base Picture Function (Click on the picture background).
 (2) Open SCT from the left tool bar, push "Copy Attributes"-button and
      remember or write down the entries from attributes STANDARD_MENU_ACTION,
      SPECIFIC_MENU_ACTION and HELP_MENU_ACTION. These are needed
      later on. Close SCT via "Cancel"-button.
 (3) Delete the Base Picture Function.
 (4) Install new 'Base for 4.0.3' and send it to the back of the picture via
      Menu Item 'Arrange - Send to back'. This ensures that all other picture
      functions (e.g. switch devices, transformers,...) and single line diagram
      are later on visible again.
 (5) Open SCT from the left tool bar and push "Paste Attributes"-button. Push
      then "Apply"-button and open the MCT via the Notebookpageleaf 'Tools'. An
      Info dialog appears, saying that old menu file syntax detected. Read the
      dialog and close it.
 (6) Push the 'Convert...'-button. Old menu definition source file is displayed
      for the respective menu part.
 (7) Give in the entry of the former attribute STANDARD_MENU_ACTION into the
      field 'Menu action source of old syntax'. Then give in the path/filename of
      the new source file into the field 'Destination for new syntax' and push
      'OK'-button. You can use any path/filename of your choice.
         ! IMPORTANT NOTE:
         ! The file will be automatically created! An existing file will be
         ! overwritten without asking!!
         ! Check the path/filename twice before pushing "OK"!!
 (8) Close MCT via "OK"-button!
 (9) Change path/filename in attribute STANDARD_MENU_PART to same
       path/filename that was given into the field 'Destination for new syntax',
       push "Apply"-button and open MCT again. The new file structure was
       recognized for the Standard Part.
 (10) Repeat steps (5) to (8) for Specific part and Help part and close after that
        the SCT via "OK"-button!
        The attributes to be changed will than be SPECIFIC_MENU_ACTION or
        HELP_MENU_ACTION!
        For Specific menu part the new entry should be: PICT/<My_Name>.MNU
        (<My_Name>: recommended to be the same like the picturename!)
           ! IMPORTANT NOTE:
           ! All the used menu parts have to be converted. This is a Must! If the
           ! picture specific menu part was not used, it has not to be converted.

4.  Showing Visual SCIL Header in 'Base for 4.0.2'

 (1) Open the window, named 'HEADER'. The window is located inside the base
      picture function.
 (2) Check that the 'Logical Path' is B_USE, change the 'Picture Name'
      to BGU_HEAD2A and push 'OK'-button.
 (3) Save the picture.
       Note: The menu configuration files remain and will not be changed.
