
OPC Samples Agreement of Use

The following sections apply to all OPC Samples in binary format:
A. Grant and Scope of License

The OPC sample binaries license is granted by acknowledging the agreement as part of the download.

You may install and use, copy and distribute any number of copies of the software.

The software is licensed, not sold.

This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. The OPC Foundation reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not

    disclose the results of any benchmark tests of the software to any third party without OPC Foundation’s prior written approval;
    reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;
    publish the software for others to copy;
    rent, lease or lend the software.

B. Additional Licensing Requirements and/or Use Rights.

    Distribution Requirements. For OPC sample binaries you distribute, you must
        add significant primary functionality to it in your programs;
        require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it at least as much as this agreement;
        display your valid copyright notice on your programs; and
        indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the OPC Foundation from any claims, including attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of your programs. 
    ii. Right to Use and Distribute.
        Third Party Distribution. You may permit distributors of your programs to copy and distribute the OPC sample binaries as part of those programs.
    iii. Distribution Restrictions. You may not
        alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the OPC binary samples;
        use the OPC Foundation’s trademarks in your programs’ names or in a way that suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by the OPC Foundation;
        include OPC sample binaries in malicious, deceptive or unlawful programs; or 

C. Warranty and Liability Disclaimers

The main purpose of OPC Samples is demonstrating OPC UA functionality. They are provided “as is” and may contain errors or misprints. The OPC Foundation makes no warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, with regard to their publication, including but not limited to any warranty of title or ownership, implied warranty of merchantability, or warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or use. In no event shall the OPC Foundation be liable for errors contained therein or for direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, reliance or cover damages, including loss of profits, revenue, data, or use, incurred by any user or any third party in connection with the furnishing, performance, or use of this material, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. The entire risk as to the quality and performance using OPC Samples is borne by their user.
D. SUPPORT SERVICES.

Because this software is “as is,” we may not provide support services for it.
E. Compliance

The samples demonstrate some elements of the OPC standards. It is not assured, however, that the samples are fully compliant.
